Create infra code for runners (#1)
philips-labs/terraform-aws-github-runner: modules/runners/README.md

# Action runner module

The module create resources to facilitate the `orchestrator labmda` to recreate action runners.

> - *launch template* : A launch template is creates that can crate an action runner, by default a spot instance is requested. For configuration parameters SSM is used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *launch template* : A launch template is created that can create an action runner, by default a spot instance is requested. For configuration parameters SSM is used. 
```

- *security group* : Security groups attached to the action runner.

> - *s3 bucket* : To avoid the action runner distribution have to be download a cached version is expected in a S3 bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *s3 bucket* : To avoid the action runner distribution to be downloaded from Github every time (which could be slow), a version is cached in a S3 bucket.
```
